And of course, as in other programming language, we are able to do operations such as addition, subtraction,
multiplication division and the module operator.
So those are the basics.
And so this is very important because any programming language has to be able to do this.
Now let's take a quick look real fast here.
How do we do this in Scotland?
Well, back to our main can create a variable vowel a sequel.
23 Mel B is 12, so I can just print, say, a Class B the result?
Let's see what's going to happen.
Should we have 35 and they have it 35.
So very simple.
Let's see if one is subtract, which is Score C Dash minus there.
You know, we should get and number 11.
That's very good and very simple, really.
And let's see.
We want to multiply.
Multiplication is going to be asterix.
So there we go.
Run.
There it is for a divide.
What would slash and we'd get one, huh?
It seems like that would have a problem because if we divide 23 by 12, it's not necessarily one.
What's going on here?
Well, the reason being is because when we divide integers, we don't get the right result.
So we have to change these to double to get the correct result or one of them, at least.
But let's change both of them.
Look, what's going to happen?
Talk about precision again.
You can see if we do that, then we get the correct number, which is 1.9, 16 and so forth.
So this goes back to that idea of types there, how important they are.
It's not wrong when we divide 23 by 12 and get one.
I mean, in the computer way of thinking, quote unquote, it's that's not wrong.
But the problem is that it's wrong mathematically because the way things are done in memory when we're
dealing with integers, right?
So if we're dividing two numbers that are integers in the division, the quotient is actually a double.
Well, the result is always going to be an integer.
That's why we get the one, because if we ignore all of these decimal numbers, we will see that indeed,
all it's been red is one because this is an integer.
The rest is gibberish when the types are integer.
So always keep in mind if you are dividing integers.
If the result is actually a floating point type, you will get the result that is wrong.
See, let's do this again.
That's a very good, interesting lesson when it comes to types in codling.
This one again, it says one because again, it's ignoring anything else.
It's saying, OK, well, it's going to be one because that is the integer goes and finds that one that
whatever else it needs to happen, whatever decimal places we have, it's going to ignore all of that
because it's an integer.
It's a goes and gets just one because these are integers.
But if we just change one to a double by putting that zero, the whole thing changes because now we
should get it precision.
So we don't have to put for both doubles just one double one integer.
The result is going to be a double, which contains indeed precision that we need.
In turn, that's the correct result programming.
So things to always keep in mind very, very important when it comes to division.
All right.
So we have that.
Now let's look at the modulo operator.
What does that mean?
Well, is the remainder operator.
So if I say, for instance, just changes, say, 10 and this is going to be two, if I change the operator
here to percentage sign what's going to happen this one, this right, it's a zero.
What's happening?
Well, it's very simple.
It's the remainder.
So when we do this operation, we are looking for the remainder.
Meaning if we divide 10 by two, what is the remainder?
Well, the remaining is going to be zero is 10.
Divided by two is indeed five and the remainder is zero.
However, if I change this to three right, what's going to happen, right?
We have one remainder is indeed one, because 10 divided by three is three.
Three times three is nine and remainder is one to get to 10.
So you will use the remainder in certain cases where, for instance, you want to get multiples of three
from a list or multiples of two or multiples of 10 or whatever it is, you can actually use the remainder
do a little bit of calculations to figure out certain things.
So there's a lot of use for remainder.
OK, very good.
So we've learn about the basic operation.
So addition, subtraction, multiplication division and the modulo operator.